OfferFit Docs Launch (#9777)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/offerfit/building_use_cases.md

# Building use cases

> Learn how to build an OfferFit use case, so you can automate personalized experimentation and optimize outcomes like conversions, retention, or revenue&#8212;without manual A/B testing.

{% multi_lang_include offerfit/alert_multi_platform_support.md %}

## About use cases

> A use case is a custom configuration for OfferFit’s AI decisioning engine that's tailor-made to meet a specific business goal.
> 
> For example, you could build a repeat purchase use case to increase follow-up conversions after an initial sale. You define the audience and message in Braze, while OfferFit runs daily experiments and automatically tests different combinations of product offers, message timing, and frequency for each customer. Over time, OfferFit learns what works best and orchestrates personalized sends through Braze to maximize repurchase rates.
> 
> To build a good use case, you'll:
> 
> - Choose a success metric for OfferFit to optimize for, such as revenue, conversions, or ARPU.
> - Define which dimensions to test, such as offer, subject line, creative, channel, or send time.
> - Select the options for each dimension, such as email vs. SMS or daily vs. weekly frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A use case is a custom configuration for OfferFit’s AI decisioning engine that's tailor-made to meet a specific business goal.

For example, you could build a repeat purchase use case to increase follow-up conversions after an initial sale. You define the audience and message in Braze, while OfferFit runs daily experiments and automatically tests different combinations of product offers, message timing, and frequency for each customer. Over time, OfferFit learns what works best and orchestrates personalized sends through Braze to maximize repurchase rates.

To build a good use case, you'll:

- Choose a success metric for OfferFit to optimize for, such as revenue, conversions, or ARPU.
- Define which dimensions to test, such as offer, subject line, creative, channel, or send time.
- Select the options for each dimension, such as email versus SMS, or daily versus weekly frequency.
```

![Example diagram of an OfferFit use case for referral emails.]({% image_buster /assets/img/offerfit/example_use_cases_referral_email.png %})

## Sample use cases

> Here's some examples of use cases that you can build with OfferFit. Your AI decisioning agents will learn from every customer interaction and apply those insights to the next day's actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of use cases that you can build with OfferFit. Your AI decisioning agents will learn from every customer interaction and apply those insights to the next day's actions.
```
